Remove reference to installing linkerd-base helm chart in 2.12 docs (#1530)
linkerd/website: linkerd.io/content/2.12/tasks/generate-certificates.md

```

> Or when installing with Helm, first install the `linkerd-crds` and
> `linkerd-control-plane` charts:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Or when installing with Helm, first install the `linkerd-crds` chart:
```

`linkerd-control-plane` charts:

```bash
helm install linkerd-crds linkerd/linkerd-crds -n linkerd --create-namespace

helm install linkerd-base -n linkerd linkerd/linkerd-base
```

Then install the `linkerd-control-plane` chart:

> ```bash

Reviewer: We should keep these lines as is.
